gentlemen strip out of your civilian
clothes and place all of your belongings
in the box with your name on it all of
your belongings shake your hair wiggle
your fingers and spread your toes blow
your nose
welcome to a nolo Vale youth
Correctional Facility what bet on the
far left straight ahead angle right here
judge may have given you a sentence but
in reality their sentence all depends on
your behavior no weapons no sharp items
pornographic material no illegal
substance
of tobacco no alcohol and no signs of
gang activity will be permitted on the
facility of a no avail
right now you're all level one
valuations will determine for us whether
you actually want to change and ability
what happened I slipped and fell but if
you refuse to cooperate I have no choice
but to isolate you let's go you mean
good